Fixed #29127 -- Prevented DiscoverRunner from hiding tagged test with syntax errors. (#14195)
django/django: docs/releases/4.0.txt

  non-boolean attribute without a value equal to an attribute with the same
  name and value.

> * :option:`test --tag` now always considers matching tests that fail to load.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tests that fail to load, for example due to syntax errors, now always match 
  when using :option:`test --tag`.
  
```
